Applications/ Softwares/ Packages needed to run code	
1. For Database we have used PostgreSQL Version 13.1 
2. Python 3.9 
3. Python IDE - PyCharm
4. flask - Flask is a popular Python web framework used for developing web applications.
5. psycopg2  - Psycopg is the most popular PostgreSQL database adapter for the Python programming language


Steps to Install PostgreSQL 
Step 1) Go to https://www.postgresql.org/download and select operating system
Step 2) You are given two options
	1. Interactive Installer by EnterpriseDB
	2. Graphical Installer by BigSQL
	select Interactive Installer by EnterpriseDB
Step 3) You will be prompted to desired PostgreSQL version and operating system. 
	Select the latest PostgreSQL version and OS as per your environment
	Click the Download Button and Download will begin
Step 4) Once you Download PostgreSQL, open the downloaded exe and Click next on the install welcome screen.
Step 5) On the next screen, Change the Installation directory if required, else leave it to default and click Next
Step 6) On the next screen, Choose the components you want to install in your system, uncheck Stack Builder and click Next
Step 7) On the next screen, You may change the data location if required, else leave it to defaut and click next 
Step 8) On the next screen, Enter super user password. Make a note of it, this is required in future click Next.
Step 9) On the next screen, Leave the port number default, Click Next.
Step 10) On the next screen, Check the pre-installation summary: Click Next
Step 11) Once install is complete you will see the Stack Builder prompt, Uncheck that option. click Finish
Step 12) To launch PostgreSQL go to Start Menu and search pgAdmin 4


Steps to Install Python 3.9
Step 1) Go to https://www.python.org/downloads/ and click on Download Python 3.9.1 select x86-64 executable installer for 64bit system or x86 executable installer for 32bit system
Step 2) Run the Python Installer once downloaded. 
Step 3) Select Add Python 3.7 to PATH checkboxes.
Step 4) Select Install Now – the recommended installation options.(this will install pip and IDEL too)
Step 5) Once the installation complete window shows click on finish
Step 6) Verify Python Was Installed On Windows
	Navigate to the directory in which Python was installed on the system
	Double-click python.exe.
	output should show python version
Step 7) Verify Pip Was Installed
	Open the Start menu and type “cmd.”
	Select the Command Prompt application.
	Enter pip -V in the console. If Pip was installed successfully, you should see pip version


Steps to Install PyCharm
Step 1) Go to https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/ and Click the DOWNLOAD link under the Professional Section.
Step 2) Once the download is complete, run the exe for install PyCharm. The setup wizard should have started. Click Next.
Step 3) On the next screen, Change the installation path if required. Click Next.
Step 4) On the next screen, you can create a desktop shortcut if you want and click on Next.
Step 5) Choose the start menu folder. Keep selected JetBrains and click on Install.
Step 7) Once installation finished, you should receive a message screen that PyCharm is installed. click “Finish”.


Steps to Install flask framework
Step 1) Open the Start menu and type “cmd.”
	Select the Command Prompt application.	
Step 2) type "pip install flask"


Steps to Install flask framework
Step 1) Open the Start menu and type “cmd.”
	Select the Command Prompt application.	
Step 2) type "pip install psycopg2"


After Installing the above Applications/ Softwares/ Packages, to run the code we need to follow below steps

For Database : 
Step 1) Download the PIS Project Folder from GitHub
Step 2) Go to Database Queries and Tables folder under PIS Project
Step 3) Open PgAdmin application
Step 4) Under database, right click on database option go to create and click on create schema and create protected, sales_raw, sales_anl and rbac schemas
Step 5) Navigate to sales_raw schema under database and right click on it and go to create table and enter table name as sales_raw_table
Step 6) Navigate to sales_raw_table under sales_raw schema and right click on it and select import/export option 
Step 7) On the new screen, select import option and choose path for file where sales_raw_table is preset i.e PIS Project/Database Queries and Tables/sales_raw/sales_raw_table
Step 8) Select format as csv and header Yes leave rest option as it is and click Ok
Step 9) Open Query tool and copy paste the queries present in PIS Project/Database Queries and Tables/sales_anl and execute them
Step 10) Navigate to rbac schema under database and right click on it and go to create table and create tables role, role_hierarchy, permission, permission_role_assignment, users, user_role_assignment
Step 11) Navigate to above created tables under rbac schema and right click on it and select import/export option 
Step 12) On the new screen, select import option and choose path for file where above tables is preset i.e PIS Project/Database Queries and Tables/rbac/tables
Step 13) Select format as csv and header Yes leave rest option as it is and click Ok
Step 14) Open Query tool and copy paste the queries present in PIS Project/Database Queries and Tables/rbac/view and execute them
Step 15) Navigate to protected schema under database and right click on it and go to create table and enter table name as user_auth 
Step 16) Navigate to user_auth table under protected schema and right click on it and select import/export option 
Step 17) On the new screen, select import option and choose path for file where sales_raw_table is preset i.e PIS Project/Database Queries and Tables/protected/user_auth
Step 18) Select format as csv and header Yes leave rest option as it is and click Ok


For Server :
Step 1) Download the PIS Project Folder from GitHub
Step 2) Open pycharm application
Step 3) Go to File under file select Open and choose path to folder PIS Project/Analytical Dashboard
Step 4) Click on Ok 
Step 5) Once project is opened click on run 

Dependencies :
1. Database server should be running when we are running flask code.

